I just quickly run through how we started the centre, why the centre was started.
I suppose briefly, what was it before?
So I used to do a lot of wildlife stuff anyway,
but at the same time I was doing angling trips, which I hated doing.
Didn't enjoy that at all, I was never an angler.
I liked catching a bit of bass and stuff, a bit of macro for the plate,
but not into spending days pulling up fish by their lip to chuck them back in.
Happy to catch fish for the plate, but anything beyond that, I'm not really interested in.
So yeah, I used to go take people over to Ireland,
I used to do lots of wildlife stuff as well,
and then just quickly we had, with the angling I'd taken it as far as I could,
so we were doing offshore wreck fishing.
So we developed it from doing the sort of short, the bucket and spade short trips,
two or four hours, you know doing eight hour trips, and then we did the wreck fishing,
going out to these families' wrecks about halfway to Ireland, about 30 odd miles offshore,
deep water wrecks. This was like what everybody wanted to do on the south coast, that's where
the, you know, a lot of the boats were doing offshore wreck fishing trips, and we'd found these
wrecks, big fish, pollock, 18.5, pollock, massive fish, and that's what the anglers all wanted.
And then what they used to do down there, down on the south coast, I can't remember which islands
they used to go to, you know there's the Sillies and all the sort of Channel Islands, so what I decided
to do was do an Irish trip, so you go halfway to Ireland, you fish the wrecks, and then you go
into southern Ireland, we'd spend a Wexford, we'd spend a day fishing around Wexford,
Tuscarock and all that, then back into Wexford, and a three day trip, so you know one day over
to Ireland, fishing the wrecks, one day fishing around Ireland, around Wexford, Tuscarock,
and then the other day coming back, fishing the wrecks on the way back.